Julia versus kit David let's see if kid
David can hold down for the Renegades
crew going out first
David's hungry
jeez
yeah baby looking more relaxed right now
worked out his kings from the first
round
like I said shooting them freezes right
out of I think it's the Hawaii shirt
making it look crazy
we go junior on the comeback obviously
he and he's a favorite one of the most
downloaded be boys if you have the
youtube click with over 10 million views
Jr move right there
with the fist freeze with a fifth pound
I think the crowd likes that good David
Oh Oh halos that was a nice transition
man
they're rocking them beats definitely
got to listen to the music and react
yeah that was a little short that deep
it was enough for the judges here comes
Junior
little light on the top rocks right
this is where jr. goes down right here
no floor moves the crazy crazy strength
crazy straight typically doing it right
now here we go now around let's see what
they got let's go
David
look pretty consistent
there we go that footwork clever little
short yeah that was really sure it
actually junior height he can smell he
could seal it he could smell it y'all
never going on this guy's
oh he's doing it right he is not playing
folk
Wow
these are things that only junior could
do look at kid David that's like all you
can do really he just got to see like
you know what you got you got you got
that
the whole crowd chatting jr. that was
bananas jr. bringing this trick look at
this just floating this flowing through
the MINIX fire off his arms this float
craziness